# ChatBot
This is a simple chatbot that uses the OpenAI ChatGPT model to generate responses to user input. The chatbot can be run from the command line, and will continue to run until the user types "exit".

## Prerequisites

To run this chatbot, you will need to have the following installed:

    Python 3
    The openai module (install using pip install openai)

You will also need to have a valid OpenAI API key. You can obtain an API key by signing up for an OpenAI account.

## Running the chatbot

To run the chatbot, open a terminal window and navigate to the directory containing the code. Then, enter the following command:


```bash
python chatbot.py
```

The chatbot will start running, and you can begin chatting with it by typing your message and pressing enter. To exit the chatbot, type "exit" and press enter.
Customizing the chatbot

You can customize the chatbot by modifying the code. Here are a few things you might want to change:

    The temperature parameter in the openai.Completion.create() function controls the randomness of the chatbot's responses. A higher temperature will result in more random responses, while a lower temperature will result in more predictable responses.

    The n parameter in the openai.Completion.create() function controls the number of responses generated by the chatbot. Increasing this value will result in more diverse responses, but will also increase the processing time.

    The stop parameter in the openai.Completion.create() function can be used to specify a string or list of strings that will cause the chatbot to stop generating responses. For example, setting stop to "\n" will cause the chatbot to stop generating responses when it encounters a newline character.

## Disclaimer

This chatbot was developed for educational purposes only, and should not be used for any other purpose. OpenAI is not responsible for any consequences of using this chatbot.

## NOTE: You need to enter your own OpenAI API in the chatbot to make it work. For that, you need to make a account on the OpenAI website and then get your API.
